although so far there is no specific treatment or vaccine for
treat the new coronavirus cobit 19 the health secretary has released a
series of recommendations on how to act if symptoms occur between
Symptoms of the virus which are very similar to those of influenza are
find the fever greater than 38 degrees dry or harsh cough sneezing malaise
general headache and in severe cases shortness of breath in
in case of presenting symptoms, you should go to the health unit
corresponding to receive the appropriate diagnosis and treatment
it is also important to follow the following recommendations not
self-medicate follow the doctor's instructions and keep rest at home not
shake hands kiss or hug wash hands frequently or
disinfect them with 70% alcohol-based gel consume daily
vegetables and fruits at least 8 glasses of plain water as well as wash with water
soap and bleach and the dishes, glasses and cutlery that are
use for people with symptoms who have made a trip to a country
with local transmission of cob and 19 it is recommended to seek medical attention
immediate and indicate your travel history as long as if you had contact
with someone who has been confirmed sick with the virus and
signs of respiratory disease are present, request for
immediate medical attention indicate contact and monitor health up to two
weeks later [Music]